these are 10 your reversible mistakes to
avoid as a high school student I'm
making this video has an ode to my
younger self and to you as if I could go
back in time and tell myself don't do
these things because you're gonna waste
so much time money energy and it's even
gonna cost you a heartbreak which I'll
talk about at the end it's your boy half
ago and the first mistake I made is
playing too much League of Legends
in high school in grade 10 literally
every single day I would go home at 3:30
if I didn't have extracurriculars turn
on my computer and play on to dinner and
then after dinner I will play until
midnight that is not a healthy schedule
for anyone
I quit League of Legends the first year
of university I've never looked back
since if I could get those hours back
and invested into something more
productive
I would be so much richer in terms of
money and also in terms of knowledge and
skill the number 2 mistake I've made is
something I really struggle to fix and
it took me like 2 to 3 years just to fix
this simple thing and it's the habit of
giving up when things get too hard if we
just think about the 10,000 hour rule
where in order to become pro you have to
practice anywhere between 7 to 10
thousand hours which is around 10 years
I would be a pro right now at
any of these if I had stuck to it I
would probably have a million
subscribers I would probably be
performing on huge stages with saxophone
or piano or if I started coding I'd be
working at Facebook or Google and making
a hundred thousand to two hundred
thousand dollars right out of graduation
your eventual game to reach a plateau
and that's the point where you make a
decision do I quit or do I keep going
and become pro
I wish I had become pro this next one is
really hard to admit but when I was a
high school student I argue a lot with
my parents
Asian parents they're very strict so I
obviously grew up in the Canadian
environment meaning it was more free so
I wanted different things and we had
different cultures like else a lot of
conflict and I always felt so frustrated
but so helpless at the same time because
I couldn't do anything to fix them I
couldn't do anything to change their
mind I couldn't get them to see what I
see and that frustrated the hell out of
me but after reading seven Habits of
Highly Effective People which I'll talk
about later it really changed my
perspective third mistake I made was
trying to change other people instead of
changing myself you know after a couple
years I realize you're never gonna fix
your parents the only real change comes
from within don't blame your parents
don't blame your friends don't blame the
situation you're in weather whatever it
is just blame yourself and when you're
trying to change everyone else it feels
so hard it's so frustrating and you're
putting your own destiny in someone
else's hands baby Hafu listen to me the
fourth mistake I made was not reading
books sooner up until the second year of
university I probably only read five
books in my whole entire life four of
them were from English class that were
mandatory but the biggest change in my
life has come from reading books without
this book I wouldn't have realized how
to deal with my parents the one thing
without this book I wouldn't know how to
be productive and plan my goals the dip
without this book I wouldn't know when
to give up and when to stick through
things I would have just given up too
easily but there
of garbage books too so you should only
read the good ones
those books are mention I'll leave an
Amazon link in the description if you
want to buy it use my affiliate link and
I get a little percentage so I can keep
making these awesome videos for you know
high school I was a really shy kid I
don't know if you can tell probably not
because you're like what the hell is
this cocky guy but I this confidence was
developed over time
I couldn't even say hi to somebody I
didn't know and that's how I got my
heart broken so what I've first moved to
my new highs going grade 10 I met this
really cool girl and we ended up somehow
luckily being in the same friend group
and it's rather whole year we were like
just like flirting back and forth and
all of our friends or every single one
knew that we liked each other but we
would never say that we liked each other
after school we would hang like a group
of ten or twelve but somehow I ended up
beside her I really liked her and I was
80% confident that she liked me back but
I was so shy that I couldn't tell her
ask her out on a date so we would flirt
back and forth but nothing ever happened
until it was the end of the semester and
I'm like okay this is my last chance
we're going to summer I have to do this
I have to ask her out and we just
finished hanging out at my friend's
house we were both catching the bus I
planned this out this is my perfect
opportunity we both got onto the bus and
it was a small bus so as rows of two
seats she sat next to the window I sat
right beside her it was a ten minute
ride and I was like after this she's
gonna be my girlfriend the whole ride my
heart was pounding I looked at her a
couple of times but it was so awkward I
think she could feel the tension and
that I was about to spit something out
of her so she was like looking out the
window the whole entire time
and I was like uh we got to her stop she
was going back to the school for a
cheerleading practice I'm like okay okay
I still have a chance as soon as I walk
out the bus I'm gonna give her a big hug
and tell her my feelings for her she
walked in front of me I walked behind
her she stepped down I stepped out and I
was like see ya and as I was going in
for the hug she walked away from me it
was like everything was in slow motion
she looked at me said bye and then ran
away she literally ran I was heartbroken
I wasn't even mad at her
I was mad at myself how can you be so
shy when it was the perfect opportunity
I knew she liked me but I just couldn't
get myself to speak those words and
after that she wouldn't return my texts
so I was just lying in bed every single
day stalking her snapchat story thinking
about why she's not returning my texts I
lost my chance with her I'm grateful
this happened because it really marked a
change in my life after this I searched
on the internet how to be more confident
and I read so many AskMen articles and
which led me down the path of personal
development the act of improving myself
constantly and then I would force myself
to do these like social challenges or
like I say hi to strangers every single
day I try to speak up like everything I
did throughout the next five years was
just to improve my confidence I vowed to
myself I would never let that situation
happen again
and thankfully it hasn't but this
mistake has cost me my first love and
that has caused me my first heartbreak
my heart was shattered into a thousand
pieces and I'm still not sure if it's
completely repaired love is hard and
after it started improving myself and
becoming more confident you know what
actually what girls started liking me
more and that's leading to my next
mistake being afraid of commitment in
high school I wasn't allowed to have
girlfriends but hopefully my mom doesn't
watch this because I had to go from for
12 hours she asked me out we were on a
hike through a trail and we stopped sat
down and she asked me out she was really
cute I liked her too so I said yes but
when I got home that day I'm like I
can't do this I'm afraid of commitment
and I texted her I think we should break
up that's probably the shortest
relationship I've ever had and this is a
bad habit because it went from not being
able to commit in their relationship to
not being able to commit to something
that I was pursuing in life it kind of
goes back to my previous point for
example YouTube I will stop after like a
couple months even saxaphone I was
stopped because I didn't want to go
through the hardship of actually
becoming good at it but it's when you
make it over the hump
that things actually start getting good
the next mistake devastating so I moved
around a lot as a kid and honestly I
didn't speak English that well so it was
really hard for me to make close friends
I just tried so hard to fit in because
I've felt left
I try to make myself exactly the same as
a person that was popular and that's a
mistake because I mean if you want to be
popular you gotta be different and you
can't be different by copying what's
already popular you know even if you
don't fit in in school try to find an
outlet for example YouTube or dancing or
C whatever alright we're gonna go
through the next three points really
fast because I talked about my heart
break from waiting too long I think
maybe you liked it if you did hit that
like button so you can let me know hit
subscribe if you want more - mistake
number eight age is not a real limiting
factor when I was in high school I
always saw myself I would have to wait
until I didn't X because I'm too young
and that's just not true in the age
today you literally can do anything at
any age there's millionaires who are
like seventeen eighteen as long as
you're willing to put yourself out there
there's probably ways around being too
young in high school I really didn't
have to work hard to get good grades
because I guess I'm smart I don't know
it was just so easy you memorized like a
test two nights beforehand and you get
like 95% but in college it just doesn't
work like that because if you don't
study you're gonna fail I learned that
the hard way because I almost failed
math my first year of university but it
was through getting 49 and 55% on both
my math midterms that taught me you have
to work for everything that has value in
life last one I think a lot of you might
struggle with this and I really really
struggle with this stop the negative
self-talk it's not gonna get you
anywhere
we all have an internal dialogue I like
it whether you notice it's there it's
there but you can program your internal
dialogue to support you instead of put
you down before
everything I did I would judge myself
it's literally the same action about how
you interpret it is different because
you train your mind to support you
sort of put you down baby happy I know
you might not listen to all my words
maybe not any my words but I'm always
here for you you can always look back on
this video no matter how hard things are
right now you're gonna get through it
because you're strong you're smart
you're resilient you're gonna figure
things out there's gonna be storms that
come your way but they're not gonna hit
you down believe in your goals and go
after it all so click that like button
and the subscribe button because the
YouTube algorithm is now gonna push you
these videos and click right here to
watch that 10 your reversible mistakes
show void as a college student and click
right here to subscribe
my name is half a go and I'll see you in
the next video peace